<p>The New Haven Center for Economic Interpretation (NHCEI) was established in 2003 as an independent organization with close ties to the Union for Radical Political Economics. It was founded by local scholars and activists to achieve a three-fold mission: (1) To produce working-papers concerning the political, social, and economic conditions of the New Haven community; (2) To bring speakers to the city, activists and academics, who can address the specificity of New Haven’s political economy, as well as its relation to the national and international economies; (3) To provide programs in economic literacy directed toward members of the local community, workers, and organizers.

<p>Although in New Haven there are diverse initiatives and institutions addressing various grass-roots issues, targeted research that examines these issues from a critical and scientific standpoint can greatly facilitate practical campaigns. It is ultimately the organizing efforts of community groups that change public policies; but easily accessible research can aide these groups in their strategic decision-making and provide information that helps win the battle for public opinion. For example, community organizations may choose to use NHCEI findings for presentations in Aldermanic hearings or during discussions with the press. 

<p>NHCEI researchers will use rigorous surveys, in-depth case studies, archival data, and key informant interviews to document the current state of affairs in New Haven and to draw critical and objective implications from that information. NHCEI will then dissemination its findings to relevant New Haven community organization, decision-makers, and interested individuals. 

<p>Furthermore, our programs in economic literacy will provide the tools necessary for individuals and community organizations to address the complex social and political environment in which they find themselves. Finally, public forums that present the views of activists and academics provide a method for bringing increased attention to local social problems and their potential solutions. 

<p>NHCEI research and educational efforts are multidisciplinary and non-partisan in nature, although always with a critical orientation geared toward social change. 

 
