  HyperTV Macintosh PluginACTV developed their HyperTV internet browser plugin for Windows.  They wanted to support their mac client base as well, so they hired me to port the plugin.  This is a C++ module that coordinates a stream of web documents and chat with a video stream.  The original was written for windows using VC++.  I ported it to Mac OS 8, using Codewarrior and Netscape's plug-in framework.  I also developed the Mac installer using Installer Vise.  I completed work on this project in August, 2000TenCORE Macintosh DevelopmentIn 1999, as part of a large, telecommuting programming team, I developed some of the mac-specific modules of an amitious multi-platform web language project created in C, called TenCORE.  This project was created and managed by Catharon Multimedia Productions.  eSchool ActiveX ControlIn 1998, I developed a Macintosh ActiveX control in C for Internet Explorer, for ACTV's eSchool product.  The control allowed a the coordination of a timed stream of web documents.Let's Make a Word!In 1997, I helped The Children's Television Workshop port the Let's Make A Word! and Get Set to Learn! CDs to the Mac.  The work was done entirely in C++ and C.Boing!From 1995 to 1996, as Technical Director at Boing!, I designed and programmed an interactive engine for Windows 3.1 & 95 in C++.  Using the engine we produced a 6 CD product for VTech and Encyclopedia Britannica called Fun With Science.  I also managed two other programmers in this effort.  Using this engine, we went on to construct a number of product prototypes, including Brain Builders!, a quiz game, and Thinking Machines, a programming logic game.Brain Builders! PrototypeCreative Wonders hired Boing! to develop a working prototype for a new game they were testing.  Brain Builders! is a quiz game with categories based around the functions of the brain.  I programmed the application entirely in C++ for Windows.Thinking Machines PrototypeCreative Wonders hired Boing! to develop a working prototype for a logic game.  Thinking Machines is a programming game.  I programmed the application entirely in C++ for Windows.A Field Trip to the SkyDiscovering French InteractiveIn 1994 I ported the Mac Version of DFI, DC Heath's Interactive French CD from Director for Macintosh to Director for Windows.SyncLipsIn 1994 the Children's Television Workshop hired me to design and develop an audio & animation synching utility in C for the Macintosh, called SyncLips.  The utility analyzed audio data, determining where changes in volume might indicate an animation change.  Animators could then assign one of a series of frames to the audio at any point.  Math SurveyIn 1992 CUNY hired me to port a math survey they had developed for DOS to the Macintosh and AppleII.Explore SeriesIn 1992-1993, while an employee of the Children's Television Workshop, I programmed IBM's Explore: Ocean and Explore: The Woods series.  This was an interactive product that ran under OS/2, using IBM's ActionMedia II full motion video card.  I developed the technical design and programmed the product completely in C, managing an additional programmer as well.   